1.what is softwere?explain types of softwere.


answer]
          softwere is a collection of information,instruction and data.without softwere, most computers are useless.for a example web browser is a software application that allows users to access the internet.

                                          [types of software]

1] system software:
                  system software can be desinged as the software in such way so that it can control and work with computer hardware.examples of system software is operting system(microsoft,windows,android,apple).

2] application software:

                        [three types of application software]
 
 1-Mobile application: Which runs in mobile.example(whatspp,instagram,telegram)
 2-web application: That application runs in web browser.example(chorome,uc browser)
 3-Desktop application: That application runs in computer and laptop.Example(powerpoint)
 
                       
3] programing software:
                       Programming software is a software which helps the programmer in developing other software. 

				[Types of programing software]

1-POP(Proceger Oriented Programing):C language
2-OOP(Object Oriented Programing)  :C++ language
3-Logical Programing               :logical language
4-Functional Programing            :Python language
5-Scripted Programing              :java script

4] Driver Software:
                    Driver software controls the computer to perform certain function.such as the driver software required to play any audio.
examle(vidio driver ,usb driver)

5] Middleware :
                Middleware software is used as an intermediary. Middleware software is used as a mediator between different types of applications.
                 software that fits in the middle between applications and operating system.
               example(database)

2.Explain the SDLC each phase process.

                                       Software Development Life Cycle is a process used by the software industry to design, develop and test high quality softwares.

                                 Requirement→ Planning→ Analysis→ Design→ Implementation→ Testing&Integration→ Maintaince
                             
Every time this process happens.